Sonic 3-ification
-----------------
Tracks for title screen, invincibility, Knuckles' theme, miniboss, 1up, S3 ending and data select are the S3 versions.
Various music cues are flipped around to work with this:
  Marble Garden 2 boss for Knuckles plays the standard zone boss theme.
  Flying Battery 2 sub-boss plays the SK miniboss theme.
  Hidden Palace plays S3 miniboss for Knuckles fight, SK miniboss for emerald theft.
  Sonic 3 credits plays during the ending before the main credits begin (replacing Sky Sanctuary)
  The Blue Sphere difficulty screen now plays the Gumball Bonus music.
Music no longer fades out before the Got Through screen
Act music no longer resumes after the Got Through screen before a zone transition.
Credits music has been replaced with the S3C 0517 version.
Sonic/Tails have their final Launch Base 2 boss restored, with its Sonic 3 behaviour.
  Knuckles' version is unaffected.
Flying Battery shows up with its unused Sonic 3 icon in Data Select.
All references to "& Knuckles" removed, title screen positioning realigned to original setup.

Bugfixes
--------
Tails no longer has extra tails in the LBZ2 ending cutscene.  (S3K regression)
The egg prison at the end of Hydrocity is now correctly centred for Sonic and Tails.  (S3K regression)
The correct music will resume after a drown timer while fighting the Hydrocity bosses.
The boss music gives way to the act music at the end of Sandopolis 1 and Lava Reef 2.
The correct music will always resume when coming back from a special stage or bonus stage (AIZ1, ICZ1).
Workaround added to Mushroom Hill 2 and Sandopolis 2 bosses to prevent Knuckles from sometimes seeing Eggman.
Knuckles now fights EggRobo in Flying Battery 2.
You will no longer lose barriers if hit from the blue spinning platforms in Marble Garden.
SONIC text is no longer backwards when the Tornado flies left during the ending.
Sonic's exit from Lava Reef to Hidden Palace is now blue rather than red.
The music tempo glitch at the beginning of Doomsday has been removed.

Features/Misc.
-------------
Super/Hyper must be invoked by pressing B+C for a double jump (Megamix style).
  This allows Tails/Knuckles to play without powering up after having all emeralds.
  Sonic can now transform even if he has a barrier.
  Added ability to return to normal with a B+C double jump.
While in super or hyper form, sped-up level music plays instead of invincibility music.
Speed shoes monitors now have no effect when collected in super or hyper form.
The existing S3K cheats work, plus:
  B+Start on 1 Player on the S3 title screen takes you to Sonic & Knuckles, with all the same changes, including music.
    Restrictions on zone and character selection from the level select in S&K are removed if debug is enabled.
  B+Start on the SK title screen takes you to back to Sonic 3.
  C+Start on 1 Player on the S3 or SK title screen takes you to Blue Sphere
    Tails has been added as a playable character in Blue Sphere.
  RLLLR on S3/SK title screen menu switches region graphics (Tails/Miles, TM signs)
  LLRRLLLL on S3/SK title screen menu enables level select.
  01 03 05 07 on sound test enables debug
  02 04 05 06 on sound test gives all chaos emeralds
    This will not reset the status of anything done with HPZ/super emeralds
  12 14 15 16 on sound test gives all super emeralds
"DEATHEGG" and "THE DOOMSDAY" changed to the more sensible "DEATH EGG" and "DOOMSDAY" in level select.
Level Select now has the Data Select background, replacing the Sonic 2 SONIC/MILES pattern.
Sound effect F3 will now speed up music as if speed shoes were active when used in the level select.
  F4 returns to normal speed, as does starting another track.

